#summary Changes between releases.
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

This page summarizes the Daisy Diff releases.

== Daisy Diff Trunk ==

Same as 1.2 at the moment



== Daisy Diff 1.2 (October 2011)==

Changes are:

 # Html mode performance tuning (By Don Willis, patch from issue 33)
 # Support for 3-way comparison (By Carsten Pfeiffer, see issue 27)
 # Some initial unit tests (By Carsten Pfeiffer,Don Willis and Kostis Kapelonis)
 # Improved treatment of the visual document structure (By Carsten Pfeiffer, see issue 28)
 # Fixed an out of bounds exception (By Beton, see issue 22)

== Daisy Diff 1.1 (February 2010)==

This is mainly a Bug fix release. If you are happy with the way version 1.0 works
then it is not imperative to upgrade. If you find a regression (something that worked
in 1.0 but not in 1.1) please open an issue with the details.

Changes are:

 # Ignore order of attributes when comparing HTML tags (By Karol Kraskiewicz)
 # Quiet mode command line option (By Peter Dibble) 
 # Update of !CyberNeko HML Parser to version 1.9.11 (By Hudak Rastislav)
 # Several Fixes by yaacovCR
 # Several Fixes by Anastassia Sytnik (Such as issue 10 and issue 12)
 # Fixed an exception with long HTML (By Peter Dibble. Fixes issue 20)
 # Allow alternative output formats and some unit tests (By Kostis Kapelonis. Fixes issue 16) 

== Daisy Diff 1.0 (October 2008)==

This is the original version by Guy Van den Broeck and Daniel Dickison. The release
is the result of a Google Summer of Code project.

Version 1.0 is a stable release that is considered production ready. Most of its issues
have to do with HTML tables that contain complex formatting.

See also DaisyDiffModes.